Use Case: Billing from Service
Context: The provider bills the member for the service provided.
Actors: Provider

Main Success Scenario:
1.	The provider opens his/her terminal and enters his/her provider number.
2.	The provider passes the card through the card reader or types in the member number.
    2.1  The word “VALIDATED” appears on the screen when the system verifies the card or member number.
3.	The provider types in the date of the service in the format of MM-DD-YYYY.
4.	The provider types in the six-digit code corresponding with the service provided.
    4.1	The software displays the name of the service corresponding to the code (up to 20 characters) and asks the provider to verify his/her choice.
5.	The provider can optionally enter comments about the service provided up to a maximum of 100 characters.
6.	The software writes a record of the bill to disk, including the following fields: 
	* Current date and time (written in MM-DD-YYYY HH:MM:SS) 
	* Date service was provided (written in MM-DD-YYYY) 
	* Provider number (up to 9 digits) 
	* Member number (up to 9 digits) 
	* Service code (6 digits) 
	* Comments (optional)
7.	The software searches the database for the fee to be paid for the chosen service.
    7.1	That fee is displayed in the provider’s terminal.
8.	The provider completes a form to verify the transaction by inputting the following fields:
	* Current date and time
	* Date the service was provided
	* Member name and number
	* Service code
	* Fee to be paid
9.	At the end of the week, the provider tallies all the fees from that week and verifies the total.


Extensions:
1a. The provider number is not valid.
	1b. The system prints an error message.
    1c. The process returns to step 1.
2a. The card or member number is not valid.
	2ab. The system prints an error message.
	2ac. The process returns to step 2.
3a. The date entered does not exist or is not in the valid MM-DD-YYYY format.
	3ab. The system prints an error message.
	3ac. The process returns to step 3.
4a. The provider inputs an invalid code.
	4ab. The system prints an error message.
	4ac. The process returns to step 5.
8a. The provider inputs a value for the date the service was provided, the member name and number, service code, and/or total that does not match the previous input.
	8ab. The system prints an error message.
	8ac. The process returns to step 9.
	8ad. If the provider needs to change an input from the initial selection, the system will send the provider back to the appropriate step: 
		* 3 to re-input the date the service was provided.
		* 2 to re-input the member number.
		* 4 to re-input the service code.
